Try it.
How do you say it?
Dogs can't stop eating shit
Lin Wenli, he is the protégé of his senior sister
He actually punched black
What do you say?
No wonder I haven't seen you these days.
Go to black boxing again
I said why is there a wound on his face?
It turned out that he was beaten into a pig's head, hahaha.
Teacher Yan gave him such good treatment
Let him practice fighting
He secretly went to fight black fists
This guy is so cheap
It's just a video.
Doesn't mean anything.
Senior sister lost today, you still excuse him
OK
Wait a minute, he's here, just ask him.
Lin Wenli
How should you explain it to the teacher later?
What about the injury?
scum
What happened to your injury?
I, you really went to fight black boxing
I don't have it. I don't have it.
You touch you, you are really cheap
You know my mom is the president of the Fighting Association
He hates black boxing the most
You still do this kind of thing behind his back
I'm sorry now everyone knows
I see how you deal with them